No. It might not be the most beautiful sound, but there's no noise. There's no none of
that static key stuff we used to get. So that's good. All right. Here comes J.J. Kui PhD.
And this is my first time meeting him, so... Oh, I... You were on my show, you crazy man.
No, not at all, just a pinger, too, on the email and the chat, that's all.
What you talking about, Willis? You were on my show. Who, me? Yeah, you. Yeah. You were
on his show. You were on my show. Are you serious? Yeah, you're a crazy old man, but that's
all right. I like that. That's funny. Hey, I might be crazy, but I'm not old. Very good.
No, no way. Well, I was on your show. Why was I on your show? I interviewed you. That's
why you crazy person. That's right. It wasn't a very memorable interview, apparently, but that's
okay. I don't take any insults. I'm a terrible interviewer. Oh, it's just, you know what it is.
It's we doing, you know, sometimes we do two shows a day, you work in your ass off some of my,
I'm sorry, I forgot about it. Do I need to turn on some more light? That doesn't look very good to me.
See your something to see your face a little better would be would be nice.
And that looks like the gig at home studio. Mm hmm. Yes. Now, what would you like me to call you
Jay? Is it Jay? Is that what you like? Jay is fine with me. Yeah, if you want to get funny,
you can say Dr. Jay, but I I prefer Jay. It's fine. Don't I don't take that seriously.
What about professor? I don't guess you know, it doesn't work. I'm not a professor anymore.
Well, what Dr. what Dr. bike rider? Dr. bike rider. That's good. There you go.
All right. Well, gentlemen, it's your time. You ready? We are. Okay. I think.
All right. Comes to the funky music.
Dr.
And hello, everybody.
I'm John O'Loughlin. Welcome to McDuff lives and it's Wednesday night. It's a Wednesday night trio
and tonight it's my great pleasure to introduce a new trio with J. J. Cooey PhD, Mark Koolack of
Whosetonic Live and Myself and I'm really, really excited to get together with you guys. I've
actually been looking forward to this for about four months now and I'll tell you what really got
me going was the infectious clone hypothesis that J. J. Cooey publishes on his gigaome biological
channel on Twitch and I think that the presentation that he's done is tremendous and helps me to
understand things that I just couldn't understand before but it makes a lot of sense to me so I
want to talk about that tonight. I also want to say to Mark Koolack that Mark Koolack has really
been blowing my mind with all of his work for about four years now but in terms of
the the current alleged pandemic or whatever you want to call it, the work that you did
and others but exposing the Snohomish County man thing really is a way to open the discussion I
think with people that are not familiar with how fishy this whole thing really is.
So to start with the Snohomish County man and that really kind of broke down my resistance to
opposing the authorities in this thing, now we have comes along J. Cooey with his infectious
clones theory which I have tried to put together in a podcast of my own to try to you know tell
my subscribers what it's like and I don't know how well I did but what I want to do tonight is to
try to verify my work and try to push forward in in illuminating this to everybody else.
So infectious clones I I googled it I don't know if either of you ever googled infectious clones
but what came up was some virology studies about plants about tobacco and stuff that where they
say oh yeah we we have to have infectious clones we use them to study these viruses because
these viruses are ephemeral these viruses are mRNA viruses and that is JJ and Mark have been
pounding in this for years now is now clearly not a perfect copy and so JJ's work in exposing
that the the metaphor that he uses of a original being copied onto a CD and then the CD gets
copied onto a bunch of cassette tapes and if you've ever had that experience you know that by the
time it's on a cassette tape it's it's degraded great deal and that hope and that's the metaphor
that I like to think of in terms of wow they can make something maybe infectious
but it's not going to be infectious forever it's going to it's that lifestyle that lifetime is
going to be limited by the fact that it's RNA and not DNA which DNA would last a lot longer.
So this is where I am kind of jumping off from those two big illuminations for me
the Snohomish County man the story and and so much flaky stuff between then and now where they
you know I mean if they really wanted to to do some contract contact tracing from Snohomish
County man they should have started by getting his address his phone number and his date of birth
but they didn't even do that. Well guys let me turn it over to you and ask you if I've made a fair
summary of what we've been what I've been talking about so far and and and maybe start with Mark
since Mark you've been the Snohomish County man for me. Absolutely I think that's a it's a good start
and it's a so to summarize or a one review is that you're willing to your you are in the act
in the process of revisiting the the official narrative explanation of what happened
and possibly even questioning some of the or the primary alternative narrative which has been
packaged up for us and maybe you're considering the possibility that it could be maybe somewhere in
the middle that they're trying to come up with an explanation actually satisfies all of the data
that you are or the evidence that is before you and before everyone else and this is a an
important time because people in your situation right now are encouraged to ask I think sometimes
the wrong questions which lead people right back into it's going to be one thing or another thing
I'll review Snohomish County man in a second but you know one of them for example would be
I mean I'll let Jay handle the the the erroneous approach of do viruses exist but another one is
was there any pandemic and that's a tricky question to answer because I think when someone says no
which I agree with but you have to then say that doesn't mean if there's no pandemic that doesn't
mean there was there was no excess death there's a big difference there and it can be it can very
easily sound like if someone were to say well I don't think the conditions of a pandemic of
iris which was spreading endlessly from person to person around the globe was really happening
you immediately get put into a box of I guess you assume that no one died right and of course that's
not what the person who goes there would be saying so we've been encouraged to ask I think
sometimes the wrong question first and which just leads us back into camp A or camp B and
avoids the the critical thinking in the middle which really help us sort things out that's exactly
where I think I think that Jay's work comes in because then you have the I think his name was
Giordano the kind of military Syop guy that's telling everybody well here's here's how you can
freak out the entire world you know you can make them all think that there's a there's a pandemic
that suddenly appeared you know that everybody's going to be sick you know and there's going to be
bodies on the streets and here's how we do it and he's this guy named Giordano who Jay has
reported on and so I think that is that's the way I would dispel that stuff mark would be to say
well look I mean listen to what Jay has to say let's let's turn to that Jay let's go ahead
and and and and kind of introduce or or tell me how did I do in trying to explain the basics of
your hypothesis well I'm actually really impressed that Google was so confessional
and forthright with with the truth and I find it very nice that you you use the word ephemeral
because I think for the most part virology in the 70s and 80s was really the study of
something very ephemeral and they all understood that and it was uh it was often a joke you know
everybody uh joking about studying virology was joking about studying things that you can't study
and so it's uh I think it's a very very exciting time if you if you if you want my honest opinion
because it's the truth in this particular scenario is so some authors use the word acidic to describe
a truth that kind of dissolves all the other stuff that's around it and this truth that RNA
has a sort of limited fidelity and a limited lifespan and a sort of limited utility as for
transmitting information um and these limitations and how they play into the viral dynamics of things
before the pandemic versus after um we have been given this incredibly simplified cartoon
of how a virus works where you know variants can sweep the planet and the planet changes color
and then it changes color again as delta takes over whatever and this kind of of behavior has
never been observed before this kind of fidelity has never been observed before this kind of coverage
by a a single RNA molecules never been it's never been documented before and yet we're just supposed
to believe this because everybody is very united in how they insist that it's true and I think
that's the trick is that as long as people just hold that line there's going to be a good portion
of people that aren't going to be able to penetrate that consensus um with regard to so
how much county man I think mark and I story really tied so nicely together because
the biology of coronavirus as you describe for tobacco mosaic viruses is very similar it's an
ephemeral thing usually what they can do is they can find a sequence in the wild but beyond that
maybe they can culture it for a little while enough to get enough material which permits the
sequencing but at some point in time they need to go back to this DNA template generate enough
of that DNA to convert to RNA and then they can repeat the experiment over and over with the same
you know baseline RNA starting point but if you're starting from the wild you're always starting
from something new and so that's why for example if you look at the the coronavirus literature before
the pandemic you will find that the mass majority of the way the methodology that they found coronavirus
was to look for a single gene the RNA dependent RNA polymerase and if they found that gene then in
that same sample they would use a bunch of random primers to try and amplify everything that was
in there and then try to match it up with other known coronavirus genes but it was already assumed
that there was a coronavirus in there if they found this extremely conserved RNA dependent RNA
polymerase and so the way that we found coronaviruses and the way that we identified them before the
pandemic was so different and so less specific and so much more broad stroke meaning let's just find
it never mind trying to say which one it is and this level of or sorry this lack of fidelity is
just evident for all of the years before the pandemic and then suddenly there's this switch
to an insistence that not only can we detect them with high fidelity but any company can put
together a product which can replicate this extremely exquisite detection method which
one of the frustrations I have to confess is that that's what they bold us over with right because
with the Sohomish County man and I think this is where Mark and I really connected the Sohomish
County man and I want Mark to come back in here in a minute because I'm going to miss a lot of
these details the Sohomish County man checks every virology box he was a guy who wasn't that sick
didn't really need to go to the hospital when he came to the hospital he wasn't dying they took
a sample of him and lo and behold it grew in a dish which is really rare for coronavirus and
especially rare if the person isn't vomiting by viral load right obviously he wasn't sick so
did he have much we don't know but enough for them to grow and sequence and it happened in a place
where a guy was already ready with some kind of nanoparticle and was already ready with this
computer program to take the sequence that came out of this random guy that they just let
leave the hospital and and this sequence was turned into a vaccine candidate in like a week
and so this all occurs just kind of lucky we got a three-dimensional reconstruction of the spike
protein which showed a novel fear and cleavage site and a guy who was ready to make a vaccine
and a patient that just happened to have the perfectly culturable virus that matched the
lulon sequence i might have missed something but i mean is that not a wonderful confluence of details
well let me just let me just get one clarification and i never have understood the word primer could
you tell us please what that is sure um if you uh do i have this um if you i'm going to do it really
quick if you um if you sequence uh a RNA sequence think of it like a sentence um so think of the
sentence like the quick brown the quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog um and if you take that
sentence then the primers would be the in the beginning of the thing and it would be uh g o d
at the end dog and so those two primers would stick to the beginning of the sentence in the end of
the sentence and allow an enzyme to copy the sentence from the end to the beginning or from the beginning
to the end and so the primers are the two short RNA sequences that you're using to probe your sample
and you hope that they'll bind to RNA and the sample and create a double-stranded RNA that
can be copied and that's kind of a simplification actually there's going to be some molecular
biologists they're going to say he doesn't know what he's talking about so let me let me back that
up a minute the RNA in any sample is first converted to DNA and that conversion is done with reverse
transcriptase so then you have DNA fragments which are it are complementary to the RNA that was in
your original sample then you use primers to find those DNA copies of the RNA in the original sample
and those DNA fragments are amplified by your primers and your primers need to be specific for
that DNA but essentially what you're doing is you're designing primers which will be the beginning
or end words of the coronavirus gene that you're looking to find and that's how you're you're trying
to find these different molecular signals regardless of what you're using PCR to find
the primers are the two the two sequences that you're using to probe all of the DNA that's in your sample
while that was a long explanation that was a terrible answer i'm sorry but you know i i thought
i i'd force you to do it because i've heard that word so many times and you're the man so i took
advantage no no no problem all right do you want it to get back to mark yeah so the so how much
county man i mean how many other things were tied up in that guy well there's never been a photo of
him other than somebody in one of the the bubble cards um his name has never been released all we
know he was a 35 year old male that was returning from Wuhan and he returned on i think it was
that was the dates uh it was it was January 15th it was January 15th i think um and uh and
yeah he returned on January the 15th the United States like just before there was some i think
they started talking about some travel restrictions or something like that and
uh he has no family in the United States no relatives no roommates we don't know where he
works um uh he went to the hospital uh three days after he came back uh started to say he
experienced symptoms uh of course there was a regional person that had some good cdc connection
instead immediately identified oh no this might be related to that weird thing that's happening
in china so he was checked into the hospital i think on the 18th there's a crazy story of as uh
of a sample uh that was taken from him for the virus right uh which somehow wound up getting to
uh either Bethesda or Atlanta for uh analysis uh by eight a.m. the following morning even though
there were no direct flights um there's no way that a package could have gotten from that area to
Atlanta not to mention if he had the most contagious virus that the world has ever seen
how did he fly from Wuhan to Seattle not get anyone sick there's no direct flights from Wuhan to
Seattle which means he took at least one of the connecting flight and not one other person got
sick and his whole time at the hospital no one got sick from him and then he just disappeared
into the wilderness the snowmish county man i just remembered maybe it was the remdesivir they
used on him well he just happened to have absolutely textbook textbook symptoms textbook description
of what coronavirus was everything started to get worse exactly the perfect time uh and he was the
first person that was approved to have compassionate use of uh remdesivir uh multiple names for
involved in that i know cena bovari was one though and then he had an absolutely perfect 100
recovery after taking remdesivir 100 perfect recovery um and that speaks a lot for the power
of remdesivir yeah well uh this is this is this is serious job because i mean they should get they
should get this guy and make an ad with him the serious part is the fact that they had one anecdotal
data point right now one point was enough to start trials and that the trials if the trials
weren't going well they would actually stop trials and say well these trials maybe this one over here
isn't going so well but you know it worked with the the phantom snowmish county man
and then and then just one thing led to the next uh and then a computer spat out remdesivir
somehow with the defense reduction agency and lo and behold it became the only thing that had
any evidence of uh of providing therapeutic value so uh i think that there is because we're in
rumble we could speak a bit more freely i think it's a possibility that this guy either was a myth
or and this is a far this is a far-flung conspiracy all right
there was a 35 year old scientist in china doctor wane lee wane laying i i forget the fellow's name
who was credited as being uh one of the greatest heroes since gondi because he blew the whistle on
the risk of uh of coronavirus in china right and i guess he was arrested and imprisoned
this 35 year old chinese guy that eventually died in the hospital was never seen after the time
that the 35 year old snowmish county man appeared i suspect that they took this doctor who would
have known how to describe a textbook case of coronavirus flew him to seattle and then he was
in the bubble wrap and then when he was done alone he's off with a new identity i i i would bet
i would bet a lot of money on that or he's dead
and uh there was uh there was some legislators uh some congressmen or women i uh who in the
united states who actually wanted to rename a street after that chinese scientist they held
them in such high regard wow so so the snow homage county man's story is it is it's an exceptional
story it's because it provided anecdotal evidence of medicine which wound up i think having lethal
results for probably tens of thousands if not over a hundred thousand people just within the
united states it sounds funny you can i i laugh when i tell it but it the consequences of this
stuff has been incredibly serious not to mention if we are to believe that some of the
additional therapy you know let's just say transfections or countermeasures being used
are only being used because of the perceived risk of covid yeah that would also mean that
all of those injuries and deaths are also ultimately the responsibility of whoever
overhyped the risk of this thing so i'm always cautious about answering the question of was
there a pandemic like well the best of my knowledge there really were a lot of excess deaths what was
it because an RNA virus just spun around the world and then and then what add to add one thing to
what jay said about this whole concept of virus mutation and i always joke about this one too
you hear uh these phrases of the oh uh the on the cron now is the big thing or delta is going wild
right and consider the fact that we're told that viruses always mutate they're mutating all the
time every second they're mutating they're always going in different directions and they're always
selecting based upon virulence and and lethality etc yet somehow at the snap of a finger
all the viruses mutate to one specific thing overnight sort of like everyone waking up with red
hair in the morning even though they didn't even have another generation these narratives john
are so absurd and and hilarious uh it's i'm it is actually quite offensive that you don't i don't
see more people even in the supposed truth community calling this stuff out but i uh i think uh i think
jay should pick it up from here well that's what we're trying to do and we're trying to give some
some uh you know i'm trying to do an hour show here which people can latch on to and say oh i get
it now you know and so i want to get back to jay and a couple of points uh i don't want to
to omit his point your point jay about the uh test i guess the pcr test is what we're talking
about uh not being specific to any particular coronavirus and are you with me can you hear me
i am here sorry i'm just focusing another camera because i'm anticipating you're gonna want me to
draw it's okay go ahead okay well yeah maybe maybe that would help but where i'm going with this is
is about the uh mark was talking about Snohomish county man on on january 16th 17th uh uh things
happening then but that very weakened a doctor in germany named christian drosston
announced that he had created a modification of the standard pcr test that would specifically find
the uh covid 19 sars covid to coronavirus and based upon his recommendation suddenly everybody in
the world was using the pcr test which is not supposed to be a test as i understand it but they
were using that same um make that that way to determine whether somebody had or did not have
this coronavirus that the snohomish county man had had and you know when jay first explained that
no this this they couldn't tell one coronavirus from another i was like wow this is this is completely
contradicting what this christian drosston said that he was able to magically come up with this
modified pcr test over the weekend and it became the worldwide standard by which everybody is judged
and of course from there we all if you remember and i think you guys remember a lot of people
will remember that we started getting into the controversy of how many uh revolutions or how
many times did they spin it through the pcr and if it's more than you know 25 or so then it's not
really significant but they were spending it 35 times just to pump up the numbers and i mean
that to me is also a big part of what jay can do is to is to expose that so
have i got that about right jay yeah so i'm just was trying to see if i could pull something up
that would help us talk about this so first of all um whoops um oh that's the wrong screen i want
this one um this is the pcr test for the who um i'm not sure let me look at the bottom here if this
is i think this is how they started but i'm not sure if this is where they are now where they
started january 11th 20 no no this is 2020 so this is what they started with so if you take a look
at this list here they are they are doing the rdrp or rdrp gene here which is the RNA dependent
RNA polymerase and they have two primers here and then they have an RNA dependent RNA polymerase gene
another um another pcr product of 100 base pairs with two primers and then they have the e-gene
so what's interesting about this is that the e-gene of coronaviruses is shared across a lot of
SARS viruses and in fact drastic um when it was still kind of an organization um covered a
a blogger by the name of um and the blog is still up as far as i know it's called nerd has power
and if you go to that blog you just google nerd has power you can find this blog where he describes
the fact that the the RATG 13 sequence which was the closest known sequence to SARS-CoV-2 in the
WIV catalog was made up and the reason why this person thought that RATG 13 was a made up virus
and that therefore SARS-CoV-2 might be a made up virus was because all the viruses in a paper
from 2000 I'm gonna get the year wrong but it was 2012 and RATG 13 sequence
and SARS-CoV-2 all had the same roughly the same e-protein and actually the RATG 13 sequence
and two other viruses published by WIV had the exact same e-protein now what they
and other people that I think are reporting this incorrectly have said is that this is a sign that
this is um this is a fake virus but what I think this is is more um an example of what I was talking
about earlier which is when you find an ephemeral signal that has missing pieces one of the many
missing pieces can be the e-protein gene and they know the coronavirus is require an e-protein for
the assembly of the of the actual it's part of the kind of capsid thing it doesn't really have a
capsid but it's part of the of the shell of the virus so if you imagine a scenario where in those
earlier papers they found coronaviruses but they were incomplete genomes but then they said okay
well we'll throw in this e-gene in both of them and then we'll grow them up as clones so we can
study them and then they made up another one RATG 13 and they threw in an e-gene there
and so what you're seeing evidence here of number not here directly but what you're you get the idea
of what's going on here is that the e-gene is a very small protein reasonably conserved but not
in a way that would be expected to be identical across coronaviruses so it's an interesting target
because it shouldn't be specific and more importantly should change a little bit
but the RNA dependent RNA polymerase gene is a highly conserved I mean highly conserved
and it's a big multi multi subunit protein and what that means is if they choose the most
conserved part of that protein like for example the wheels of a car and you use the wheels of a
car like steel belted radials as being the indicator of a car being present and then you said well
this is a highly specific test for a Mercedes 320 convertible and what does it test for well
test for steel belted tires you'd be like well that's not very specific every car has got those
and with the RNA dependent RNA polymerase gene it's very hard to be specific with that
with that gene because that gene is present in every coronavirus and it is highly conserved
because it is the gene that purports to do the copying so you can't make errors with that
you can't make mistakes on that gene if you make mistakes copying that portion of the genome
that copy of the genome is worthless so the idea that they're looking for this
I used too much time again but the idea that they use this as the primary probe
indicates that this is more like a pan coronavirus test than it is a test that would be specific
for SARS-CoV-2 simply because SARS-CoV-2 is defined mostly by its structural protein
and its spike protein so if you're not testing for that you would never know how you're
differentiating from any of the other coronaviruses that were expected to be in the background
and you weren't required to get all three you required to get two of three so there's no
specificity here at all now compare that I just happen to have this here to what they did in
2019 or 20 for us 23 for us now they're doing the end protein so if we move this one over here
they're doing two primer sets here for the end protein and so now the specificity of
tests that look for the RNA dependent RNA polymerase are very different than the specificity
that looking for the end protein I don't know how they're better or worse but they have to be
different because each of the proteins in the coronavirus genome is conserved to a different
degree in other words if you were trying to detect the presence of a car one of the things
that's highly conserved is they all have rubber tires one thing that's less highly conserved is
that they all have leather seats one thing that's even less highly conserved is that they have
leather dashes or or led lights or or gold gold uh plated things inside of it would be even more
rare and so the question is with all of these coronaviruses tests are they really specific for
a specific coronavirus and the answer before 2020 is that's impossible but the answer after
2020 is of course they're extremely specific for just this one and there's no I just don't think
that there's any evidence that they ever were extremely specific and maybe I'll just do this one
thing mark and then I'll shut up because I know I'm taking a lot of time here but you were asking
before about primers and there's something that about primers that a lot of um academic biologists
assume but I want to clear up for all the academic biologists up there that this didn't happen
okay so if you're looking for a sequence and that's the sequence and you design primers and those
are the primers and then this would be filled in by the PCR or this would be filled in by the PCR
and you would copy and amplify and you would find what you were looking for academic biologists
don't do it like this if this was the sentence the quick brown I'm writing too fast
there's my sentence the the quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog you would use primers of the
and dog to find the the sentence and that would be a reasonably reasonably
specific set of primers but it would pick up every sentence in every book that started or had the
somewhere in it and had dog after that and so that's a lot of sentences that aren't the quick brown
fox jumps over the lazy dog and a book that you might read it might amplify more than this sentence
so what is typically done in academic biology is that you do two rounds of PCR and so you have
primers and then you have nested primers so nested primers in this reaction would be QUI
and ONG so essentially you would run the first PCR reaction with the and dog and you would amplify
all the sentences that have the and dog in it in that order some separated by more words or
less words and then you would run a second PCR with the primer ONG for this part of the sentence
and quick QUI for this part of the sentence and so now of the of the all of the little sentences
that you amplified with the and dog you're now selecting only the sentences that have
QUI at the beginning and ONG at the end in that order and now you've really made
your two-step PCR test extremely specific but in Canada and in America and in most places in
the world they weren't using nested primers but anytime anybody does PCR in a university
because they're writing a nature paper and they're going to get tenure they're always using nested
PCR so they all assume that these COVID tests must be nested they would not use nested primers
and there's no specificity at all and that's exactly what they did they did not use nested
primers and in Canada they didn't use that for the entire pandemic so just two primers that's it
and so any sentence that has this word in the beginning or this word near the end will be amplified
regardless of its length and so that's the problem I don't know if that was a very good
illustration but I hope it was a good explanation am I still on talk to me goose you're in the
show and I don't hear anybody else what happened well I came down so we could see a graphic okay
sorry I thought you guys went away yeah we're on work still here and mark still here but just
building on what Jay said is if you were to start testing for something in your environment
or told to test for something in your environment that you never tested before
four before and if you believed or were told to believe that you're testing for something which
never existed before right even though it may have you could be led to believe that something new
has just emerged and is now spreading that's the simplest way of saying it so what's important
here is a whole lot of these things these detection tests were used and they really did
glow all kinds of colors or not and there really was a lot of data collected and that data just
can't be said that it didn't happen it did but doesn't mean what they want you and I
to think it means right and if they were just taking something which would have tested positive
maybe ten years ago anyways but didn't tell you but you didn't have the test till now and they said
this is new it looks like something new and novel is spreading like wildfire and they took advantage
of our faith that there could never have been something a trick like this pulled on us at the
scale I fell for it a lot of us did and the consequences were real they were but then I just
don't believe the official narrative at all of of what was spreading and hopefully that simplifies
what Jay said in a more more technically elaborate and accurate way what I want to do is just
summarize it and say that what what we have summarized here tonight so far is evidence of a
very very clear conspiracy this this is a conspiracy there's no other way that they could have gotten
those reports all around the world you know within so many hours I mean have you seen anybody
seen those list of the times you know of the day when the first case was reported you know in
first case in San Francisco first case in Melbourne first case in South Africa first you know and
it's like they're an hour apart and and this is this is Jay Jay's theory or hypothesis is that
that is evidence of a conspiracy to create a pandemic a fear of a pandemic but the fact is that they
were limited by the ephemeral nature of the infectious clones they were using but they did
have infectious clones and people did get sick and so that's you know we've got positive yeah
people did get sick and and now we have well I guess the next step in in exposing or the
exposition of what what what we're trying to do tonight would be to talk to Mark about Remdesivir
because in order for us to be you know first of all they had Snohomish County man as the example
of hey take Remdesivir you'll be fine in three days but then the deception that there is this
pandemic everywhere coupled with oh we've got to use Remdesivir Mark why did they do that
well why did they are why did did they say they did it they say they did it because there's this
deadly novel virus spreading like wildfire and which because it's novel after all we've never
used these tests before we're testing for something that we've never tested before
tested for before it's novel so because it's so novel and unique you and I cannot possibly
understand how to defend ourselves our bodies would never understand this thing because it's so
unique therefore the only logical way to save lives would be to have a a powerful and new
therapeutic to help people recover and that there was some evidence limited evidence
that Remdesivir had some therapeutic value now the bar was set extremely low arguably to the point
where it didn't have any however it the very fact that they did test it and at least it was some
warp data to suggest that it had ffk just bent or benefits they were able to push it
the the thing with Remdesivir I mean Remdesivir it's a very complicated compound
it's been described so I think it takes a long time to manufacture
there's a possibility probably a strong possibility that it does have a beneficial activity
for people who have been possibly exposed at that moment to something like an infectious
clone like the day of and I mean these things were developed for warfighters for people in the
battlefield that are being potentially hit with synthetic biological agents so that their bodies
perhaps can you know it's still bad but it's it's as opposed to having to deal with the full
load of a synthetic biological agent Remdesivir might give you a chance to survive it
now Remdesivir was not designed for someone who's been sick for a week and a half to get better
in fact in the cases where Remdesivir was for many people prescribed and used as part of these
hospital protocols it had detrimental effects and caused the body to be further straight further
stressed and in many cases led to a situation where the patients felt weaker some of them
allowed themselves to be intubated additional medicine was given and oftentimes the results
were lethal now the question is is was the this belief that we can't look at any of these other
this whole world of medicine a lot of it's not good but even you can't look at any of it
aside from Remdesivir and then ivermectin and one other thing maybe you can't look at any of it
just have to look at these these two or three things this is the whole toolbox right now
everything else can't even consider antibiotics because this is a novel virus they said so
um this means that there were potentially many people that succumbed to that lost their life
because they were treated based upon a health protocol that was designed specifically for people
who have tested positive for a novel virus whereas if you go to the hospital traditionally if you
have a fever or if you have a broken arm or something they they treat the symptoms right um uh they
don't they don't test you know to see exactly specifically how the proteins are designed on the
thing that's making you sick if you got a fever you know there's certain ways to treat it you know
if you have pain or whatever and it's not super super super specific to the pathogen that was
people were encouraged to abandon that thinking with coronavirus and now think that
based upon the very specific description of the invading pathogen you need to have a very very
specific course of action taken taken to that and those are we just refer to them simply as
protocols but they're really the the hospital protocol specific to people who were tested positive
or who are identified symptomatically to have the novel SARS-CoV-2 virus and the COVID-19
disease associated with it so again um how many of the additional excess deaths which really did
happen uh could have been avoided if we simply treated people based upon their symptoms
here's another thing john look at it this way how many people have you heard of we're just walking
down the street who are mowing their lawn and just suddenly croaked and died of COVID
um i would say zero zero yeah you know i'm like stroke heart attack i'm not trying to be funny
about it no but i'm looking for that if you want to have a pandemic i'm looking for some bodies
that down out in the street yeah that to me there's there's no one who was at the cafeteria based
down in the soup yeah everyone was dying in a hospital this is very different than other
diseases or or sudden health you know tragedies which is a big clue if many of these excess
deaths were in hospitals well and if they didn't happen outside of the hospital right i think
it's legitimately it's legitimate the question just how much of this pandemic was driven by
protocols by erroneous interpretation of tests by medicines which were approved that shouldn't
have been based upon bad data used when they shouldn't have been taking away a doctor's ability to
you know exercise their own discretion and this is all even before
you know people you know suicide rates were up because of isolation um drug overdoses were up
the and now you have the impacts of of the the newer generation of jabby jabs associated with this
so um revisiting the past a little bit what led to the escalation of fear who participated in that
and how are the tools used misrepresented misinterpreted
um is is important i believe anyways uh for uh for hopefully not having this happen again
um i suspect that uh there's a possibility something like what just happened could happen again i
think because of the contributions of j and um you know a small army of other people i think the
odds of that are going lower every day um i'm proud to say but uh it's anyways that i i yield
for the moment it's important to um round that off with uh with a mention that in the uk how they
did it was with medazalam um there were lots of old people in the uk that were given medazalam
way over the normal dose and basically killed with it um remdesivir played that role here a
lot of people have in my mind seemed to fail to draw the the parallel between azt and remdesivir
but i do think that there's something there um in the sense of trying to force a chemotherapy drug
onto people with AIDS and it probably made most of them much sicker than they would have been if
they hadn't been put on a chemotherapy drug and all of those symptoms were blamed on AIDS
and that's not any different than when they gave remdesivir to people in the hospital and they had
kidney failure and liquid filling up in their lungs and they blamed that on covid when they
knew that that was a side effect of being on remdesivir for longer than five days so the other
thing that i'd like to mention is that we've been mark and i have been kind of playing tennis with
old um videos from people that we've streamed with or listened to or think are are important
we've been going back to see what they were saying as early as we can and one of the surprising
things that we found Robert Malone saying in 2021 was that dexamethasone is something that
you can give to covid patients and really rev it up um and so you have to kind of add that to a list
of substances that was being used and so is it something that could exacerbate things and was
it part of the protocol and helping to exacerbate things um all of these things need to be
need to be added together in an equation much more like one would solve a crime rather than
trying to you know i use this analogy the other day when you call 911 you don't have to already
know what the motivation of the person who's breaking into your house is and whether or not he's
he's motivated by money or whether he's a drug dealer or whatever you don't need to know all
that all you need to know is somebody's breaking your house and if we're saying that a bunch of
people are lying about this virus in order to usurp our rights and change the way that they
they govern us forever and i don't know if we need to know all the details of how they done it and
in fact they could have done it differently in different places and they would be smart to have
done it that way. I think you know what i've been trying to do tonight is to give a
a background for people that are fairly new to this that can see fairly easily through a lot of the
BS that we've been fed and to start with Snohomish County man to to look at the infectious clones
and to recognize what what Jay's been emphasizing tonight about how these RNA viruses are by nature
if emerald that they they can't travel around the world in exactly the same form they can't even
cross the room in exactly the same form and that's the way it is that's biology.
Now we have a tremendous collateral damage from either the disease or the the jabbie jabs as Mark
calls them and i think it's more has to do with the jabbie jabs and we we notice the cancer statistics
are going very very bad they're looking really bad especially with young people. You guys know
i have cancer and what happened to me i never took any of the jabs i never took any uh i
i my wife never took any of the jabs we lived to just the two of us so neither one of us had
anything like the covid that some of our neighbors had but she visited some neighbors and some
relatives in california in february and came back uh and uh said oh they all had uh covid and
she started feeling like she had a two and then she she did she got sick and then i got sick
with the very same thing and uh it was more than a flu it was this was not you know this was not
your average you know uh 20 years ago flu uh it did have that lingering time you know three
four weeks where you just don't feel like you can do anything um but the other reasons that i think
it really probably was generated either from the original covid or whatever variant it's at by now
but i think more likely that it's somebody that that she was traveling with that had got it
not not necessarily from the original uh infectious clone but and and the way that i would put it is
is is it possible that in the jabs they've got stuff that gives you the same thing that snow
hamish county man came down with you know back in 2019 that it that it gives you that that illness
as a kind of in other words is there an infectious clone in the jab
oh well i mean if you want that that's uh i mean the jab is is RNA the the jab is the RNA in the
best case scenario it's supposed to code for a viral protein so it is it is one of 31 proteins
it's not as bad as an infectious clone of the RNA would be in theory but on the other hand
you're not injecting that infectious clone you would inhale it in theory um again i want to emphasize
that the infectious clone for people who are just following mark and i for the first time and just
meeting me for the first time the infectious clone is a methodology by which something which is very
intractable in nature and in the laboratory can be converted to a pure and quantity that can be
studied and shared with people um it's it's often the way we do it with biology in the laboratory
another great example is that all of the laboratory work i keep referring like this because the
University of Pittsburgh is over there um all of the laboratory work that's done in in monkeys
i'm sorry mice is done in inbred mice mice that have been bred to themselves brother to sister
brother to sister brother to sister until they are so genetically identical that they can be
studied as one animal model because if you use outbred wild mice some of them will be smart
some of them will be dumb some of them will get sick some of them won't some of them will respond
well some of them won't some of them will be susceptible to your drugs some of them won't
but if you have a very genetically pure inbred mouse strain all of the animals reactions to
different drugs or different treatments will be much more similar and we do this in science as
part of this reductionist manner of probing the universe but that reductionist manner of probing
the universe has become so reduced that it no longer adequately recapitulates the complexity
we're trying to understand and in this scenario um with these RNA viruses there's a tremendous
complexity out there in the wild that at our best when we try to get a hold of it in the laboratory
we make a DNA version of it we make it very pure and then we start with that even though
we know that that does not exist out there at all and we use this to scare everybody that this is
the pandemic potential but it really is this is how they could do it they could get this sequence
in every person in the world if they made enough of it and then sold the right water bottles to
everybody everybody drinking and everybody would be PCR positive if they just like if they wanted
to paint everybody blue all they need to do is make enough blue paint you wouldn't that's all they
need to do and if you say that oh wait somebody spilled blue paint out in my backyard and before
you know it all the houses in the world are going to be blue everybody be like well how the hell's
that good that's stupid that's not how paint works but that's what they're saying with RNA
they're saying that somebody spilled some RNA out there and now the whole world's going to have it
and that's just not possible
I hope I can get you guys back I want to talk more about the jabs themselves and you know again to
get back to the collateral damage that they they cause as well as Sarem Desivir and
Marcus has been working with victims and with the survivors and and people that have you know
and he himself and his family touched by this crazy so-called medical system and the disasters
that that have followed since 2019 they just keep compounding upon one another I guess for
tonight I'm really grateful for you both to share this time with me and to try to but I want what
I'm really trying to do guys is to try to get your message out better and and I want you to feel
successful that's great that that you guys are starting to feel like you're maybe maybe can stop
them from doing the next time and you know we never know the effect of what we do we send it
out into the universe and maybe this show maybe another show another day will be the trick that
people say oh you know what this really was a a big conspiracy and now we're going to take names
and kick some butt and and get past it because we got we got to get past it got to get back to
being good a good good old USA you know the country that we all were taught to love as children we
should be that country and you guys are helping me and helping everybody else to get back on track
thank you very much for tonight thank you Jay thank you Mark thank you guys like to add
all I'll say is I think that country is still alive and well and I think that future is still
there it's alive in here and I wouldn't judge someone's patriotism by the size of the flag behind
them trust me I think I think you both of you are I consider to be look mine mine is very small and
understated you know it's just enough you know it doesn't need to whack you over the head and
suffocate you you know is but anyways I'm and you know what even if everything was perfect
everything was perfect we would still have to live this way in order to keep it that way so
I view it as a as art our challenge and our responsibility one way or the other and thank you
guys for being on this mission with me awesome said oh well said Mark thank you very much for
having me I'll be back anytime you need well I'm looking forward to it then thank you very
very much JJ koui and mark kulak oocytonic live and JJ you find him on twitch at giga ohm
biological
well done gentlemen well done perfect do we have to keep the window open and tell things to upload
or anything like that no it's good we're good hopefully you appreciated the uh uh every once
a while look we're all feeling stressed but uh you know sometimes you just have to will the optimism
into being you know uh and uh so thank you for letting me say those words
and the clubs and the you know hey man life no well maybe the countries in better shape than we
think but we're all just being fed a PCR test of America is dead well it is it really is you
know you think of it and they're trying to get us to give up trying to get us to give up before
it we should be maybe I don't know
you
sorry about that so I'll start that over I uh I apologize for not having a regular stream tonight
I know that I would normally do that but this is still it's streaming and it's on my channel and
is and I wanted you to go over to rumble and watch it so hopefully some of you did go over to rumble
and watch it um anyway thank you very much for being here um and I definitely gonna be here tomorrow
because we're keeping this street going I think this is 21 days in a row now anyway who's counting
we're just not gonna stop thanks for joining me see you tomorrow night
so